this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing marketing is getting harder
but paid media is getting easier so this
is a quote that I heard recently and I
thought it'd be interesting for us to
talk about because I brought this up I
brought this up to to people on my paid
media team and they didn't like like
that I said this quote I actually
disagree with it too I know a lot of
people are saying paid is getting easier
and they're saying paid is getting
easier because of two things a helping
them with campaigns but the bigger one
is because of the economy a lot of
people are cutting back on ad spend so
it's getting easier for them to produce
a Roi but the main reason I disagree
with this with all the Privacy changes
just look at Facebook it was much easier
to generate a Roi from Facebook ads when
they had all that data uh until iOS
blocked them right and then Google's
going to end up doing the same thing as
well uh but paid used to be much easier
when these platforms had so much data
I'm not saying it's a good thing that
they had a data or a bad thing I'm just
saying it's a reality and now yes
there's a lot of tools out there that
can make your campaigns a little bit
more efficient but that doesn't really
matter your job from Paid marketing is
you spend a dollar and you need to make
more and it's harder to do that now than
it was before there's a there's a
Connecting Point with these two
statements so again the statement is
marketing is getting harder but paid
media is getting easier The X Factor
that connects these two comes down to
creative at the end of the day so I I do
think paay me is getting harder in that
sense sure there's a lot more automation
coming but that means the attention that
you normally would spend on
optimizations because machines are going
to do that better than you now you got
to take it over to other stuff that
machines can't
replace well well maybe machines will do
it better for you because I think
they're going to skew just like we did
we talked about in our LinkedIn uh
podcast episode your buddy asked someone
who worked at LinkedIn and they're
revealing things about the algorithm and
they do stuff that helps them make more
money I believe the AI is going to skew
to helping the compy companies make more
money and not always doing what's best
for the company um and if that was the
case the Google ad managers that work at
Google would be amazing but nine out of
tenen times when you work with the
agency not trying to just talk trash
it's more reality people get better
results doing with the agency or doing
it in-house versus letting Google help
them manage the campaigns and it's
because it's different incentives once
focusing on their Roi the Google ad
employees a lot of them are compensated
on how much more money they can get
people to spend right so it's just the
motivations are or the incentives are
quite a bit different for both parties
with creatives it's funny because a lot
of people also talk about Ai and how AI
can help you create new creative
campaigns what AI sucks at is creating
that amazing strategy if you look at
those Super Bowl commercials those are
examples of some of the best premium
creative spots that you see in the world
or the World Cup creatives it's hard to
do that kind of stuff through AI versus
having a team really focus on doing
something unique you know what's
interesting interesting a couple years
ago I remember some of our people went
up to the Google conference up in
Mountain View and their feeling was that
Google would eventually try to cut
agencies out right because they want to
take that Revenue at some point right so
they they work very well with agencies
you know how much revenue agencies drive
for Google you know in certain you know
in certain countries they're getting
kickbacks from Google right yeah I mean
my point is like I think it's more of a
symbiotic relationship um so I I
wouldn't I wouldn't be too afraid of
that but pay me to side you got to step
up you got to evolve it's how it's
always been with any level of of
business and times are changing right
like SE is changing marketing is
changing overall but that's okay because
if you're good at evolving you are going
to be the one that reaped the rewards
from all this dude funny enough when you
said excite and or when you said 30
years old I'm like is search that old so
I just Googled excite founding date
pretty much there
1994 how crazy is that time flies you
know focus on creatives it's something
that a lot of people don't talk about
Eric and I still think paid ads is going
to become harder and harder sure in the
short run maybe people aren't bidding as
much so it's cheaper and it's easier for
you to get a Roi but in the long run
it'll Contin become more and more
difficult to generate Roi now if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to answer them and help you out
if you enjoyed the video like it share
it tell the people about it thank you
very much